---
layout: post
title: "Swtiched to Octopress"
date: 2011-08-16 17:24
comments: true
categories: 
---

I really like Jekyll for a static website - which this (or any web site I write) is.  And I really like working with the solarized theme in VIM.  In fact, while googleing for a solarized jekyll them, I stumbled across Octopress and am now trying it out..

Now, I'm not sure if I'll stay with Octopress - there's no built in support for using the rake file to publish to Heroku, so I'll have to add that.  And it's got it's own way of marking code for snipets, and I don't want to go change those... But I have to admit, solarized is pretty to look at.  We'll see how this works...  For now, I should just blog with something more important to say... Like how to use jekyll, octopress and Heroku together.

And that's what this post is about:

Pushing to Heroku
-----------------

In order to push my site to Heroku, I created a Heroku app, added that heroku information to git, and then changed the `.gitignore` file to not exclude the `public` folder.  That was really it.  The problem with this is - I'll be churning a bunch of files each time I generate the content using Jekyll... Meh...

Gotchas with Octopress
---------------------

My gotchas, anyway:

- the `new_post` Rake command.  There's no space in there... `rake new_post["post_name"]` not `rake new_post ["post name"]`.  I got stung by that...
- Using the `backtick` method for code - means that all the code needs to be indented.  Just different from some other tools I was using...

Theming
-------

This was one of the main reasons I wanted to use Octopress.  Here's what I fumbled through:

- 
